Allow triagers to close PRs if the PR is of very low quality (#828)
python/devguide: triaging.rst

    - Good first issue
    - Other categorizations

Although triagers have the power to close PRs, they should generally not do so
without first consulting a core developer. By having triagers and core developers work together,
the author receives a careful consideration of their PR. This encourages future
contributions, regardless of whether their PR is accepted or closed.

Nonetheless, triagers should feel free to close a PR if they judge that the
chance of the PR being merged is exceedingly low. This can include PRs that
make solely cosmetic changes to a module, PRs that propose changes to

> deprecated modules, and/or PRs that self-evidently lie far below the quality

Reviewer: also:  PRs which are no longer necessary because the issue had been fixed or made irrelevant by other PRs merged since this one was created.

Reviewer 2: Non-coredev triagers can close issues in certain circumstances (which is a separate discussion) and when then do, they should close any associated PR.  (Same generally true for coredevs.)  You should say at least that much and remove any existing blanket permission denial.  Closing PRs for legitimate open issues is trickier.  I agree with sticking with the most obvious cases and not trying to be complete.  If in doubt, asking for a second opinion is not a bad thing.

threshhold required for a change to be made to code in the Python GitHub

> repositories.

Reviewer: I wonder if we can reword this so that it's clearer what is meant. Often we get a PR with no unit test, and that makes it far below the threshold for making the change, but we don't close it, we ask for a unit test.

Author: I was thinking of PRs like, for example, the recently closed 32408 (deliberately not linking to it directly). That PR isn't a spammy PR — the author clearly has the best of intentions, has signed the CLA, and has even opened a BPO issue. But, with the best will in the world, that PR had a 0% chance of ever being merged.

How do we describe a PR like that?

Reviewer: I think the issue here is not so much the quality of the PR as much as the quality of the whole idea (the quality of the bpo). We have a lot of open issues with bad enhancement suggestion. How to weed them out is one of the questions I hope we can discuss at the language summit.

Author: Yes. It's easy to say "this is not a bug". It's much more difficult to say "I'm sorry, you may think that this is a good idea, but it just isn't, and we're never realistically going to implement it".

Reviewer: Agreed. Maybe we leave such things out of the dev guide and just focus on the really obvious ones.

Author: Sure. I'll make the change.

Reviewer 3: Would it be worth adding something like "if in doubt, leave it to a core dev"?

Author: How's it look after f2166e7?

    - Good first issue
    - Other categorizations

Although triagers have the power to close PRs, they should generally not do so
without first consulting a core developer. By having triagers and core developers work together,
the author receives a careful consideration of their PR. This encourages future
contributions, regardless of whether their PR is accepted or closed.

Nonetheless, triagers should feel free to close a PR if they judge that the
chance of the PR being merged would be exceedingly low, even if substantial

> revisions were made to the PR. This can include (but is not necessarily
> limited to) PRs that fall into one or more of the following categories:

Reviewer 4: A bit more concise:
```suggestion
revisions were made to the PR. This includes (but is not limited to) the
following:
```
